WHAT IS AURA?
-------------
Aura is a package manager for Arch Linux. It's main purpose is as an
`AUR helper`, in that it automates the process of installating packages
from the Arch User Repositories.

THE AURA PHILOSOPHY
-------------------
* Aura is Pacman.
  Aura doesn't just mimic pacman... it _is_ pacman.
  All pacman operations and their sub-options are allowed. 
* Arch is Arch. AUR is AUR.
  `-S` yields pacman packages and only pacman packages. This agrees with
  the above. Thus in aura, the `-A` operation is introduced for obtaining
  AUR packages. `-A` comes with with all the sub-options (-s, -u, etc.)
  that you're used to.  
* All at once.
  Dependencies and packages are not built and installed one at a time.
  All pacman dependencies are determined and installed first, then all AUR
  packages are built then installed in a batch. 
* Downgradibility
  AUR package files that are built are moved to the package cache.
  This allows for them to be easily downgraded when problems arise.
  Other top AUR helper programs do not do this. 
* Arch Linux for Everyone
  English is well established as the world's Lingua Franca, also being
  the dominant language of computing and the internet. That said, it's
  natural that some people are going to be more comfortable working
  in their native language. From the beginning Aura has been built with
  multiple-language support in mind, making it very easy to add new ones.
* Haskell
  Aura is written in Haskell, which means easy developing and pretty code.
  Aura code isn't complicated, and for the burgeoning Haskeller there
  are examples of things like regexes and CLI argument handling which
  could come in handy as a reference.

LOCALISATION
------------
As mentioned in the Philosophy above, adding new languages to Aura is
quite easy. However the currently available languages are limited to
those known by the author. If you speak a language other than those
available and would like it added to Aura, feel free to edit
`AuraLanguage.hs` and issue a pull request on GitHub.